README.md, before:

# Pluralsight

## Azure
- Microsoft Security, Compliance, and Identity Fundamentals: Security Solutions
- Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104): Monitor and Maintain Azure Resources
- Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104): Implement and Manage Storage
- Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104): Implement and Manage Virtual Networking
- Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104): Deploy and Manage Azure Compute Resources
- Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104): Manage Azure Identities and Governance
- Microsoft Azure Fundamentals (AZ-900): Identity, Deployment, and Management
- Microsoft Azure Fundamentals (AZ-900): Azure Security Management and Governance
- Microsoft Azure Fundamentals (AZ-900): Azure Architecture and Services
- Manage Users and Groups in Microsoft Entra ID
- Deploy a Secure Web App Using NSGs and Private Endpoints
- Securely Access Script Secrets in Azure Key Vault

## Microsoft Defender
- Implementing and Managing Microsoft Defender XDR

## Terraform
- Terraform: Getting Started
- Creating Network Resources in Azure with Terraform
- Build an Azure DevOps Pipeline for Terraform

## Tools
- Monitoring and Detection: Splunk

Commit message:

Add new section on Microsoft Entra ID user management

README.md, after:

# Pluralsight

## Azure
- Microsoft Security, Compliance, and Identity Fundamentals: Security Solutions
- Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104): Monitor and Maintain Azure Resources
- Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104): Implement and Manage Storage
- Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104): Implement and Manage Virtual Networking
- Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104): Deploy and Manage Azure Compute Resources
- Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (AZ-104): Manage Azure Identities and Governance
- Microsoft Azure Fundamentals (AZ-900): Identity, Deployment, and Management
- Microsoft Azure Fundamentals (AZ-900): Azure Security Management and Governance
- Microsoft Azure Fundamentals (AZ-900): Azure Architecture and Services
- Manage Users and Groups in Microsoft Entra ID
- Create and Manage Microsoft Entra ID Users in the Portal
- Deploy a Secure Web App Using NSGs and Private Endpoints
- Securely Access Script Secrets in Azure Key Vault

## Microsoft Defender
- Implementing and Managing Microsoft Defender XDR

## Terraform
- Terraform: Getting Started
- Creating Network Resources in Azure with Terraform
- Build an Azure DevOps Pipeline for Terraform

## Tools
- Monitoring and Detection: Splunk
